The following instances demonstrate an occurence of how the law was manipulated
and use to take advantage of my status of homelessness.

On 3/25/2021, I was arrested by what I assert was a malicious party or agents of a 
malicious party.
The occurences of this situation are noticeably similar to this situation and bear some attention
if some basis for corruption is to be established.

The events of this night are:

At this point, I had endured 2yrs and 4mos of homelessness.
I had suffered an injury having run from a security officer (Notice that it wasn't a peace officer)
and while evading the security officer, fractured my heal. The injury was such that I couldn't walk,
and the pain in my other foot was such that I couldn't stand.

While receiving treatment at Methodist Hospital Des Moines, IA, 
I was assaulted by the nurse I was being examined by.
(She knowing I had been injured, roughly brushed my heel in such a 
way that she a person would to goad or taunt a person, doing so
as she was leaving the exam room)
Knowing that I'd be portrayed as a non-compliant buligerant, I ignored the assault.
I was not seen by a doctor. Instead a PRN specifically told me that I had to leave.
Seeing that the situation was deteriorating, I complied to leave, only requesting 
a wheelchair to do so as I couldn't stand or walk.

The medical staff obviously refused, clearly demonstrating willful negligence,
and portrayed me as a person refusing to leave.
Despite my injuries, and my inability to even stand, let alone fight,
no less than five security officers (Again) arrived. Violated Iowa 704.1, 804.10 
(Use of Force by a private citizen),
placed me in restraints illegally at which point I was physically 'picked-up' and forced to walk
on my broke heel until I collapsed a few feet away from my exam room.

One of the security officers was Dylan Heille, the son of Karl Heille, Karl whom
was my supervisor before He (Karl was also a security officer at Methodist Hospital)
worked at the hospital, we both worked at Per Mar Security c. 2007 in Des Moines.

At no point was any effort made by anyone to acquire a wheel chair for me.

When I collapsed, one of the security officers lied and said I assaulted him, 
and was consequently charged with the following 3 crimes all of which were dropped.

I REPEAT. ALL THESE CHARGES WERE DROPPED.

Iowa 708.1 Assault (Causing Bodily Injury) Serious Misdemeanor
Iowa 716.7 Tresspassing, 1st Offense
Iowa 723.4 Disorderly Conduct
