This is the most recent occurence of corruption.

While Attending Iowa State University, perceiving from the instensity of the homelessness
two years previously, which homelessness that lasted 3.5 years. I began to suspect
that some of the harassment that I was enduring would result in me being charged with a
crime that I didn't commit.

Other documented occurences of corruption at ISU include
  - Being removed from the dorms (Being made homeless) on the basis of an
      accusation of an unidentified person. Presented with a unauthoritative
      document alleding me of witholding information on my application. Which
      I verified was a lie. Then (unecesarily) removed from housing, with force
      with several ISU Police Officers. I have a copy of the letter.

  - Being alleged of unfounded violations student conduct of which led to me 
      being denied access to paid-for amenities such as the ISU gym. Each time
      I asked for the person to reveal who was accusing me, that person was
      protected while I was without question punished for an offense that
      wasn't even verified. This particular occurrence happened several times,
      on many occassions, unlike all other students, the Assistant Director
      required me to meet with him. And many times the police were called to 
      assist. I have an a recording of each occurence.

  - Being removed from a veterans group center on campus, having not committed
      any offense. At which point the person having me removed immediately
      (also unecesarily) called the police.

  - Being told I could no longer use the public ISU library which is not 
      only just available to students but to public.
  
  - Having my funds to eat meals on campus taken away and being told I could
      no longer access the dining areas.

What follows is the most recent occurence of corruption at ISU:

I had registered for summer courses which were set to begin in June at ISU. Due to 
exhausting GI Bill benefits, and I suspect some fraud, I was no longer allowed to 
live at my apartment. (I suspect the lease and the management were fake). I have the
document that says I was no longer allowed to live there. I became homeless again 5/13.
I stayed in the public areas of the dorms until I was told that was no longer an option.

One morning, having not stayed on campus, I went to church and when finished praying
went to an open undergraduate lab. I had moved my some of my belongings to study there.
When I arrived at around 8 a.m., very shortly after the police arrived.
When they arrived, they explicitly lied and said they had served me with a document
that supposedly, in writing, legally prevents me from entering campus.
Despite being enrolled, resiteered and having classes to studying for beginning 
that semester, legally having full right to the campus, was presented this letter.

The officer, (I have a voice recording of speaking with) blatently lied and said
that I had been served this notice the day before and that the chief of police
either told him to draw it up or wrote it himself. Conveniently, (also in the recording)
the Officer said that then Chief Michael Newton. The officer charged me with Trespass.
Iowa 716.8 Tresspass

At this point, I fled to Florida to seek
refuge. The result was the court found me guilty for not appearing. (In Iowa, Tresspass is 
the lowest misdemeanor. Usually only fines are applied as a punishment IF guilt is ascertained)

As recently as 10/3, ISU Police officers have been terminated for discrimination and harassment.
https://iowastatedaily.com/300548/news/isupd-terminates-sergeant-lieutenant-resigns-following-multiple-policy-violations/
